They all talk like animals
Bad-mouth every pussy
It's 2018 I don't know what you're thinking
But I am more than just an animal
I see that rap is all the rage
The dirtier it is the more success it has
Hey it's time we break the codes
A girl should speak her mind
“Balance Ton Quoi”
Even if you talk badly about girls I know that deep down you understand
“Balance Ton Quoi”, one day maybe things will change
“Balance Ton Quoi”
So let me sing to you
Go f*** yourself...
I won't be on the radio
'Cause my words are not so nice
People say between the lines
For a pretty girl you're not so stupid
For a funny girl you're not so ugly
Your parents and your brother helped
Oh, you're talking about me
What's your problem?
I wrote a beautiful poem just for you
Let me sing to you
Go f*** yourself...
I'll be polite for the tv
“Balance Ton Quoi”
One day maybe things will change
There's no respect now in the street
Boy, you know when you're out of line
“Balance Ton Quoi”
Has everyone understood ?
Sorry, I just want to go back to a point that's not...very clear
it's just that when a girl says no, I get the impression that it often means it's...
It's no.
No.
Ok. Right...
Not that simple, you really have to get it.
What I understood is that...
Sorry, I have to interrupt you
It's just that I have a second point, when a girl is sleeping, you don't know if you can, if you can't...
So I think that maybe if in doubt, you can try...
No no, let her sleep. If she's asleep, you let her sleep.
Yes. Yes of course.
And not think we can impose our desire, you said.
Yes, very good Tobias. No need to shout, but that's great.
No need to shout because as we're all here, we can hear just fine.
Always a remark...
Is there a problem?
No just saying you're always making remarks...
And?
It would be better if you tried to understand women, listen to them...
I don't listen to women? I don't listen to women?
That's what it seems
Wait, we can see that you're being so insensitive here
Guys, calm down, I think that what you're trying...
Hey hey, quiet, shut up! Why?
I don't know
She butts in... all hysterical. It's crazy
Very unpleasant
We were talking about desire!
This is stupid, why are we arguing. She's the one interrupting...
Busybody!
Let me sing to you
Go f*** yourself...
I won't be on the radio
'Cause my words are not so nice
Let me sing to you
Go f*** yourself...
I'll be polite for the tv
“Balance Ton Quoi”
Even if you talk badly about girls I know that deep down you understand
“Balance ton quoi”, one day maybe things will change
“Balance ton quoi”
And what you have to understand is that when a girl says no... We can believe that.... And actually it's no.